Zhang Lao actually
I only saw that bracelet when I was a kid
It's been a little too long now.
Can't remember
I take the liberty to ask you
What does that bracelet have to do with you?
This bracelet belongs to my granddaughter
He disappeared over 20 years ago
If you can find this bracelet
Should have known he was down there
Oh, I see.
But it's been a little too long.
I really can't remember
It's okay, take your time, don't rush
A girl as nice as you
How could there be such a scandal?
That Lu Xiao
Hugging left and right is really not a thing
But he was punished by the app.
Punishment I heard that he was fired by the courier company
Don't you know?
Why didn't you answer the phone?
Webmaster, that's all fake news
You see so many rumors, it's useless to clarify them.
It has affected our site.
Brother Xiao, didn't you let
Is that beautiful woman pregnant?
Then you have an accident now and I haven't seen him come to you?
Don't pick up Brother Xiao from work
He was tricked into being Xilang's father on time
Haha, don't you two have a list to send?
Nonsense
Du Xiao, his grandmother's words are also in his heart
The more young people are deceived, the smarter they become
By the way, know your position
You are a courier.
If you want me to say, no beautiful woman will come to you in the future
Ha ha.
Excuse me, does Lu Xiao work here?